===User Manual===

--Menu Help--

1) Selecting an airport.
	When trying to set an Airport for the Runway Redeclaration Tool, you can select predefined airports from the drop down menu,
	or alternatively define a new airport to add. 
	
	To add a new airport to the drop down list of options, simply type the name of 
	the airport into the text-box and click "Add New Airport" button. The new airport you add will automatically be selected.
	
	To remove airports from the list of options, simply select the airport you wish to remove and click the "Remove Airport" button.
	
2) Selecting a Runway.
	You must specify a runway in order for the Runway Redeclaration Tool to display a view. Simply click the "Add New Runway" button, 
	this will present you with a new window where you can specify the details of the runway, please refer to the section below labelled
	'Runway Help'. Simply select a runway and click "Ok", in the Menu window. 
	This will now take you to the main tool, where you will be able to see and modify your selected runway, calculations based around 
	the runway and original and recalcutated values.
	
--Runway Settings Help--

1)Specifying a runway.
	Here there will be two columns of text-fields, these correspond to the two directions a runway can have. Please fill out these 
	fields with the values you wish your runway to have.

	To finish, click "ADD", this will add your runway to the drop down list of runways in the 
	main Menu. 
	
--Runway-Redeclaration-Tool Help--

1) View section.
	
	Here the ruwnay will be displayed for the user to see. There will be a key in the controls panel which indicates what each colour used 
	indicates. 
	
	The directionality of the runway will  be shown by two thick arrows at the top left and bottom right hand corners. These will be labelled
	with the direction.
	
	The values specified such as the TORA, TODA, ASDA & LDA will be displayed in the form of two sets of arrows. These will refresh based on the 
	re-calculated values.
	The Displaced Threshold will only update if the LDA exists.
	
2) Controls Panel Section
	a) Key
		Here a key of the colours used will be diplayed. This will indicated what each coloured section of the view means 
	b) Controls 
		Here the available buttons and controls will reside. There will be options to take you back to the main menu, to access the help document; 
		to change your view and also add obstacles.
		There will be a button to add a new obstacle in this section, please refer to the Obstacle Settings section below for more information.
		The calculate button will update the values for the recalculated section and the calculations panel.
	c)Values Display 
		Here there will be two panels for each direction of the runway, that will display the 'Original' and the 'Re-calcuated' values each direction.
		(Values will be recalculated in the even of an obstacle being added to the runway).
		This section cannot be edited and is simply meant to display the values.

3)Calculations Display
	This section will display the simple calculations for the runway, it will only up-date if an obstacle is added to the runway.
	To see the calculations breakdown, simply press the "See Calculation Breakdown" button.
	
--Obstacle Settings--

1) Specifying a custom obstacle
	Simply input the values for the height, width, depth and a short description for the obstacle.
	You may also need to input values for the centre-line distance - this values refers to the distance from the dotted line in the middle of the runway
	(which denotes the centre line for the runway)

2) Selecting a predefined obstacle
	You have the option to select from a list of predefined obstacles, which are based of the most common cases of runway obstacles.
	
To add the obstacle, press the button "Ok" and the obstacle will appear as a red item on the runway.